[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to Beyond Belief.
What a program we have for you.
Bill McKenna, the author
of The Only Lesson
and the founder of the
Cognomovement system
is back with us again.
We had such a response when
he was last on with me.
We brought him back for you.
And in our last episode
with Bill McKenna,
we explored the telepathy
of autistic children,
a topic now gaining
mainstream attention.
For years parents
and practitioners
have observed these abilities,
but they feared speaking out.
Some professionals even
face losing their licenses
for even discussing it.
Now, before we get started,
let's take a look at this.
Liz Larsen, Bill's
business partner,
is going to be reading a message
from a non-verbal autistic child
addressed to our viewers.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- 17-year-old Lynn, a
non-speaking autistic girl,
and her mom--
incorporates Cognomovement
into their routine.
Lynn was invited to share
a message with the Gaia
audience and the world.
Here is the message that Lynn
wanted us to share with you.
"Remember, love
has no boundaries.
Look inside at my world.
The physical world is not
something that's kind to me.
It's something that
hurts all of the time.
It has sharp edges and
it's always changing
and I can never get my footing.
The other world is
soft and flowing
and is where beauty lives.
I'm here for all of us.
And I'm here so
that you can learn
the ways of softness and love.
You want to pull
me into this world
where I'm not compatible with
your rules and boxes of how
people should be.
Love is how we should be.
This is what love
is always flowing.
Love moves between us, not
belonging to one person.
This love is my language.
I might be hard in my
body, but I know love.
When we use telepathy,
we are all one--
one voice.
Please get it."
When her mom asked if I
could share this message,
she responded, "We
need love, so yes."
A message that she gave
directly to her mom for us,
but could be directed to all
of us hearing these words are,
"Please lead us in love."
[END PLAYBACK]
>> NOORY: What a powerful letter
from an autistic child, Bill.
>> BILL MCKENNA: Yeah, and the
interesting thing is that with
her abilities, they knew,
she knew about the platform
and the ability to get the
message out there to the world.
>> NOORY: Do most autistic
people, children especially,
have these kinds of
feelings within themselves?
>> MCKENNA: They do.
They're-- the ones
that are nonverbal,
have pretty much the
most perfect disguise.
They don't have control
over their body.
And with that, people think
that they are not there.
They feel like there's
nothing going on.
>> NOORY: Are they savants?
>> MCKENNA: Many of them are
savants and they know about,
say, other languages like a
two-year-old knowing Hindi,
Aramaic and having abilities
that they have no business
knowing.
>> NOORY: Where did
they learn it from?
>> MCKENNA: They learn it.
Actually, interestingly
enough, when
they are out of their
bodies and they're
out there on the astral plane--
>> NOORY: Oh, boy.
That's interesting.
And they pick up all that
information, other languages,
you name it-- that
they never knew before?
>> MCKENNA: Yeah, their
abilities to write poetry
in other languages.
So many things.
>> NOORY: Why are so many
autistic kids dismissed as being
"something's wrong"?
>> MCKENNA: It's because
they don't have control
of their body.
The non-verbal
autistic kids that
don't have control
over their body,
they appear as if
they can't understand.
But the truth is that
their understanding is well
beyond ours.
>> NOORY: Are they
telepathic as well?
>> MCKENNA: They are.
Especially, the ones, very
specifically those non-speaking
or non-verbal, they are
telepathic, and all of it
has recently come out
into the mainstream.
And with that, the understanding
that all along they've
been able to know,
not only what's
going on with their mom and dad,
but everyone else around them.
>> NOORY: Where does
this gift come from?
>> MCKENNA: This gift primarily
comes because they are actually
out of their bodies.
They're out of their body.
And just like others that have
had near-death experiences
or psychedelic experiences.
When you're out of your
body, as soon as you get out
of your body, you
have the ability
to know what's going
on with the doctor.
How is he feeling, what's
going on in the waiting room,
and what are the people
thinking and feeling there.
>> NOORY: The medical
community, however,
doesn't grasp this
at all, do they?
>> MCKENNA: Well, it's
beyond not grasping it.
It is actually suppressed.
If you are a medical doctor or
somebody who holds a license,
you could find yourself
with your ticket punched,
and they actually have done it.
>> NOORY: That's interesting.
Now, telepathy is rooted in
the nervous system, isn't it?
>> MCKENNA: It is rooted
in the nervous system.
So we interpret all--
everything through
our nervous system.
Our vision, our hearing,
our smell, touch, taste--
>> NOORY: Empathy, everything.
>> MCKENNA: Everything comes
through your nervous system.
The nervous system is how
we transmit and we receive.
Now, the communication is
really a quantum communication
in telepathy.
We don't even have
the instruments
to measure the actual packet
of information that goes.
But we know that it's
actually happening.
>> NOORY: Bill, you brought us
a graphic showing us how two
people's nervous systems
react and interact.
Let's take a look at this.
>> MCKENNA: So as you can see,
there's a field that surrounds
everyone.
>> NOORY: It's like an aura--
>> MCKENNA: Kind
of like an aura.
And with it, there's information
within that field and there's
information that is transmitted
in between the two parties,
even though we
might not know it--
>> NOORY: Or even say it.
>> MCKENNA: Or say it.
There's actually
this communication
going on constantly.
>> NOORY: Do you have to be
autistic in order to grasp this?
>> MCKENNA: You
don't have to be.
And everybody has it.
You're constantly
in a state where
when you go into the grocery
store or anywhere else,
you know who the person that
has a problem or a bad feeling.
So many of us have had the
experience, where somebody calls
and before we even see the
phone and turn it over,
you know who it is.
>> NOORY: What about that
special connection between
parents and the child?
>> MCKENNA: There is a
special connection in between
the parents and child
because it is biological.
There's-- with a mother,
especially because the mother
holds the baby in the womb.
And what happens is
when they separate,
they still share so much
biologically and energetically.
This is really a
quantum entanglement.
And if we make a
change in one, we
know from this quantum
entanglement spooky
action at a distance, it
actually affects the other.
>> NOORY: Explain quantum
entanglement for us, Bill.
>> MCKENNA: So let's say a
particle has been connected
at one point.
If you separate that
particle into two
and you could separate it
as far as the United States,
one could be on the
East Coast and one
could be on the West Coast.
>> NOORY: Sure.
>> MCKENNA: Einstein calls it
spooky action at a distance.
When we would manipulate
one on this Coast,
instantaneously on
the other Coast,
the other one reacts the same.
>> NOORY: Is that how autistic
kids communicate with each
other?
>> MCKENNA: There is a
basic oneness that is,
they are feeling
and experiencing,
and with this they are
experiencing instantaneous
communication.
>> NOORY: I have a friend of
mine in Saint Louis whose child
is autistic.
When he told us about this years
ago, we thought, oh my God,
how tragic, how sad.
Now, this kid is growing up.
And I got to tell you, Bill,
he's almost like a genius.
He still has a little
bit of problems
dealing with other kids, but I
mean, he seems to be intuitive.
He knows things, and he's on it.
>> MCKENNA: Yeah,
well, he's not alone.
The abilities are off the
charts with these kids.
Some of them can actually
just put their hand on a book
and summarize it.
>> NOORY: Wow.
>> MCKENNA: Instantly knowing
everything that's there.
They can do things that
really have been just legend.
Like, the ability to see into
the future, into the past.
>> NOORY: Do they get emotional?
>> MCKENNA: They certainly do.
But it's really
not what we think.
They have really a duality.
Part of them is
out of their body
in this state of
love, joy and bliss.
And the other part, a much
more minor part of them
is in their body and
doesn't have necessarily
control over their body.
So they may do
things that appear
as violent or some aggression.
But in fact, they don't mean it.
It's as if their body
is moving on its own.
>> NOORY: Bill, are
they put in school,
class with other kids or are
they put in separate places?
>> MCKENNA: It depends
upon the severity.
The ones that we're
talking about,
non-verbal kids that are
severe, they're typically,
either homeschooled or they're
put into special schools
where they're all together.
>> NOORY: They can't interact
with kids who are not autistic.
>> MCKENNA: Yeah, it's very
difficult. Very difficult.
>> NOORY: Why is that?
>> MCKENNA: Because they don't--
they lack the control over
their bodies.
They are seen as maybe
they can't understand,
but it's not really true.
They understand way
better than everyone else.
>> NOORY: If you tell an
autistic child I'm thinking
of a number, can they guess it?
>> MCKENNA: So very specifically
non-verbal autistic children,
what they've figured out is
that they can communicate with
spelling.
So they'll set up a
little card and they will
type to spell something out.
It's very difficult.
You imagine trying to
type when you don't
have very control of your body.
You type something,
whatever you want
to say on either a computer
or this little plastic sheet.
And we've discovered
that they actually are
communicating with this way.
It's very specifically
this enabled people
to start asking questions like,
hey, what number am I thinking?
And with it, they were able
to actually type the number.
Like, I'm 5, 6, 7--
5, 6, 7.
>> NOORY: Accurately?
>> MCKENNA: 100% accurate.
>> NOORY: Amazing.
>> MCKENNA: In many cases.
Most of them are over
95% to 100% accurate,
which is absolutely
statistically unheard of.
>> NOORY: During 9/11, Bill,
we saw random generators go out
of sight.
They just recorded
things that people
were thinking and assuming.
Does that work with
autistic kids too?
>> MCKENNA: Well, the way that
random number generators are
utilized with these
nonverbal kids is to test.
So they'll set up a
random number generator
and they will hit to
get a random number.
They'll get the random number.
And the mother will look
at the random number
and then the kid
will type it out.
And they can do this
time and time and time
again, which the
ability to do that is
like quadrillions to one.
They utilize, not only
random number generators,
but they'll pick any
random book, open it up.
The mother will
start to read, not
reading out loud,
but just reading,
and the child would be able to
type whatever they're reading.
>> NOORY: How does that happen?
>> MCKENNA: They are
actually fully connected
because they're
out of their body.
They are everywhere.
>> NOORY: Do they know
they're out of their body?
>> MCKENNA: They don't really
know that they have a body,
oftentimes.
They can't feel it.
>> NOORY: They cry.
They show emotion.
>> MCKENNA: Yes, but to--
for many of them, when they
actually first come in and start
to feel their body, it's
like, oh my gosh, I have arms,
I have fingers.
This is something that
was very interesting
on the last interview we
did when we discussed that--
Liz Larsen and the
square technique,
which helped them to come
into their body for the very
first time and feel it.
>> NOORY: When an autistic
child becomes an adult,
can they have a
relationship with people?
>> MCKENNA: Many of them do.
And again, it's a spectrum.
But the very
specific group we're
talking about that really
seems to have the telepathy
is the nonverbal ones.
But there's many cases where
they've actually had romances
and even though they might not
physically interact very much,
they're very much in love.
>> NOORY: They're loving
people, aren't they?
>> MCKENNA: Very
much, very much so.
And a lot of people because
they can feel everything
that everyone else can and all
the judgment, a lot of times
it gets clouded over.
>> NOORY: What is the mythical
hill that we hear so much about?
>> MCKENNA: So the
hill is so interesting.
It turns out because all these
kids, they leave their body
and they are all communicating.
In the last episode,
we had talked
about, we asked a
question, hey, why
are you two, that are
spelling, why don't you
just spell to each other?
And the comment
came back, well, we
don't need to because we
already know what they're doing
and we know everything that
they're thinking and feeling.
Well, it turns out that
it's well beyond that.
They go to what
they call the hill.
It's not a physical
location, but it's a place
that they gather and
there's so many of them.
The energy is so
thick that it kind of
resembles a hill to them.
This place is a place
where they experience joy,
they experience laughter.
They experience love.
They exchange ideas
with each other.
They educate each other.
So when you say, well,
how did this kid know
about astrophysics?
Well, somebody over there
had already educated him.
They become friends
across the globe.
They establish relationships--
>> NOORY: Out of their body.
>> MCKENNA: Out of their body.
>> NOORY: Do they ever establish
a relationship in the physical
body?
>> MCKENNA: Yes, and the
interesting thing is that even
though the parents are
in different states,
like one kid in
Georgia will say, oh,
my friend Mikey and-- in Ohio
and the other guy in Ohio will
say, oh, my best friend Billy in
Georgia and somehow the parents
connect.
And it turns out it
was-- it was all true.
They had all those details--
>> NOORY: Amazing-- without
a cell phone involved?
>> MCKENNA: No cell
phone, no technology.
>> NOORY: Are you
baffled by this, Bill?
>> MCKENNA: I'm really not.
Because I've known about
this whole out of body
experience for a long time.
And it's one of
those things that we,
in the other episodes
that we've had,
we've talked about these
different dimensions
and that as we move from the
third dimension of judgment
and conditional love
to the fifth dimension
of unconditional
love, what happens
is these abilities are natural.
They happen to all of
us when we reach it.
>> NOORY: Do you have to
be autistic to reach these
plateaus?
>> MCKENNA: No, you don't.
Actually, just
need to be absent.
Absent your-- all of the things
that keep you from love and joy.
In other words, all
of our reactions.
So as we have a reaction, let's
say anger, resentment, jealousy,
blame, manipulation,
all of those things,
they keep us from this
fifth dimension on the hill
where of all these children are.
It's a place because
all is known,
all communications,
instantaneous.
What happens is that
there is no manipulation.
There are no lies.
There isn't any deceit.
They're simply one.
>> NOORY: What can happen
to an autistic child to lose
their telepathic abilities?
>> MCKENNA: Well, some have
actually descended down
into their body.
It's called landing, coming in.
And for some, they were
at one point in that state
where they didn't have control,
then they come into their bodies
in the density.
But primarily, what
happens, even--
most of them retain it when
they come into their body.
But the number one
thing that will
keep somebody who has the
ability and then they lose,
it is anxiety and fear
in their own bodies
or the people around them
because they feel everything.
As the anxiety and the
pressure builds, what happens
is it pushes them down into the
third dimension, where telepathy
is much more difficult.
>> NOORY: My late aunt
was a psychiatrist, Bill,
who decided to devote her entire
practice into investigating
telepathy.
Dr. Shafica Karagulla.
She wrote a book called
Breakthrough to Creativity.
She was obsessed with
telepathic things.
She would have loved
talking to you.
>> MCKENNA: Wow.
Well, she would have loved
working with these autistic kids
because it is--
it is undeniable.
>> NOORY: Did they know about
autistic kids 70 years ago?
>> MCKENNA: They were very,
very rare, very rare back then.
It's really only been since
1989 when the number of them
just started exploding.
>> NOORY: Now, when you say
nonverbal, they still speak,
right?
>> MCKENNA: So not--
when we say nonverbal,
they do speak.
They'll make noises.
They could even
recite things in rote.
But non-speaking would be
that they don't really have
the ability to communicate
very well with--
>> NOORY: Verbally.
>> MCKENNA: They're verbally.
They may have a word or two like
yes, no, that sort of thing--
>> NOORY: Grunt.
>> MCKENNA: And
grunting, making noise.
You may find-- almost
sounds like an animal.
>> NOORY: What is it about the
brain that has created this?
>> MCKENNA: So nobody
knows for sure,
but it appears that some sort
of brain damage at some point
in time.
>> NOORY: That is
truly remarkable.
Now, this bond that you
talked about earlier
between mother and child, what
creates this strong feeling?
>> MCKENNA: With the
mother and child,
it's the telepathy aspect of
it is because that child is out
of the body and they are
transmitting whatever
their thoughts and
feelings to the mother.
But most of the time
the mother is so dense
because they're the caretaker.
And when I say
dense, you're dealing
with these third dimensional
thing-- no, no, no.
I mean, you have a household
you're cleaning up.
But the opposite way,
the communication
is very, very easy.
The child knows what the mother
is thinking and feeling, as well
as all the other people around.
>> NOORY: Tell us about the
relationship between a mother
named Tia and her
child named Bowie.
>> MCKENNA: So Tia is a
cognitive movement practitioner,
who has a daughter
by the name of Bowie.
Now, Bowie has something
called Angelman syndrome.
And Angelman syndrome is--
it's called Angelman
for a reason--
when you encounter her, there's
this immense feeling of love.
Now, she can't speak and she's
also developmentally disabled.
But the relationship
between them
is very interesting
because it proves out
that quantum entanglement is
very, very real with these kids
that are on the spectrum.
Tia had been in a
situation where life
was very, very hard for her.
Her daughter, for the
first 10 years of life,
would go to the
bathroom number 2
and then would pull it out of
her diaper and begin to paint.
They went through like what?
7, 10 couches.
The couches-- replace
the couch, get a new one.
She'd be sleeping in bed
and Bowie would reach in
because she wants to be safe.
The daughter is with her
in bed and she reaches in
and he's sleeping and
Tia just wake up and oh--
>> NOORY: Stench was horrible.
>> MCKENNA: Unbelievable.
You can't have anything.
I mean, if that
happened, you'd be like,
even Mother Teresa
would be like, [GROANS]
It's like so hard.
So anyway, one day Liz
Larsen said to Tia, hey, Tia,
this is super frustrating.
Why don't you do a
session on yourself.
And she did the
session when she did
the session, what
ended up happening
is she accessed a
memory where she grew up
in New Zealand on a farm with
sheep, and at five years old,
she walked in and saw the
sheep being butchered,
didn't really process it
and asked, how can I help?
And they said, oh, OK,
you're going to clean up
the entrails and the poop.
And she did.
It was traumatizing for her.
So anyway, fast forward,
she completes the session
where she no longer
is traumatized
by that whole experience
when she was a child.
And after 10 years,
Bowie stopped.
>> NOORY: Done.
>> MCKENNA: Done.
You can finally buy a couch.
>> NOORY: We've got some
video of Tia talking about her
daughter Bowie.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- My name is Tia Woods.
I'm a Cognomovement
practitioner and mother
to Bowie, who has
Angelman syndrome.
- [MUMBLING]
- We're having a chronic issue
with fecal smearing everywhere,
at least once or twice a day.
Liz Larson suggested that I do a
Cognomovement session on myself.
And the insights I got
and the learning I got
was the crux of it, that
I was running in PTSD,
was having to kill lambs when
I was about five years old,
and my job was to move
the entrails with all
the fecal matter into the
bucket from the dead lambs
that I've just been speaking to.
So, of course, I was running
that program of fear and stress
and anxiety and cleaning
up fecal matter.
Bowie was taking that
from my nervous system,
anchoring onto that
because it was the biggest
program I was running.
It was the biggest amount
of stress and anxiety.
And so she was literally
acting that out.
And from that day, after
I'd done that session
and had that realization
and really regulated
my nervous system
and cleared it,
we haven't had anything
for three years.
There has not been one
poop smearing incident.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> NOORY: Bill, that was
an amazing part from Tia.
Tell me how that all happened.
>> MCKENNA: So this whole thing
where there's a connection,
most people think that
it's just telepathic,
but it's so much more than that.
This quantum entanglement
is very real,
and you can resolve an
issue with the child
by resolving it in the parent.
Now, Cognomovement doesn't
cure any name disease.
All it does is it simply causes
a relaxation response, processes
trauma, allows
somebody to relax.
So when that happens with the
mother, it affects the child.
And it doesn't have
to be a mother.
It could be the caretaker,
it could be the teacher.
They can feel everything.
So when they're out of
their body like that,
they're affected.
>> NOORY: The child
who had seizures--
and this helped eliminate them.
>> MCKENNA: It's ridiculous.
She had grand mal seizures,
not just seizures.
And those seizures were
going on for years.
And she would have one after
the next after the next.
And when that went away,
you can imagine the relief.
>> NOORY: Tia was able to find
success treating these seizures.
But how?
>> MCKENNA: She was simply able
to process her own anxiety,
her own stress.
So when she did the work on
herself to de-stress herself,
then it was no longer
felt by the child.
>> NOORY: Bill, here's another
clip of Tia describing her
amazing experience with Bowie.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- So Bowie was having a lot of
seizures, three different types
of seizures over the years.
And after I'd had great success
with the fecal smearing,
I decided we'd
give seizures a go.
Because what I was
noticing was a pattern
I was running, where Bowie
would be seizure free for months
or weeks, and I'd
think to myself,
oh God, we haven't had
a seizure for ages.
And just like that
seizure instantly.
It could be within the
next hour of the afternoon.
So when I did the session, I
was instantly transported back
to when I was a kid.
I was standing on the
corner on my way to school.
I could see my home behind
me, the school in front of me,
and then I could feel
every bit of shock
from a traumatic event that had
happened that morning or the day
before.
I could feel all my
stress and anxiety
and really abject terror.
And what I realized
is this is what
it feels like before a
seizure, and that Bowie
was literally
physically acting out
how I felt, how my nervous
system was running.
And as I had that
realization and that I
wasn't the small child anymore,
I wasn't stuck in that trauma
anymore.
It all dissolved and dissipated.
It literally melted away.
And from that moment on, the
seizures just disappeared,
and I didn't--
I no longer thought, oh, we
haven't had one for ages.
And so I was able to do this
with three different types
and recognize what I needed
to clear in my field for her
to be safe.
[END PLAYBACK]
>> NOORY: Quite
remarkable, Bill.
>> MCKENNA: It really is.
And as a parent, when
you see your child
go through something like
that, it's horribly traumatic.
>> NOORY: Does this happen
with most autistic kids?
>> MCKENNA: It's some autistic
kids have seizures as well.
But I think what no one
realizes is the effect
that we around them have,
because they can feel it all.
They feel everything wearing
the absolute perfect mask,
where we think they don't.
>> NOORY: But what do you
recommend to parents who may be
watching this program right
now, whose children are autistic
and they're not privy to the
information like Tia had?
>> MCKENNA: So the first
part of it is awareness.
Awareness that there's
more going on with a child
than we might think.
And that our stress,
whatever that might be
can be felt by the child.
They're very-- I--
not saying anything new to them.
They're very, very sensitive.
But the interesting
thing here is
that they are
empathic, meaning they
feel what I feel as their own.
And with that, they
tend to act it out,
not in the way that I would,
but in the way they would.
The solution is very simple.
Whoever is
surrounding the child,
whether it's the caretaker,
the teacher, that sort of thing
is to be aware of
what they're thinking
and what they're
feeling, and how that
might be impacting the child.
>> NOORY: Tell us more
about Cognomovement.
Exactly how does that work.
>> MCKENNA: So Cognomovement is
a simple method that pretty much
anybody can do.
It's a system where you can
find a neurological glitch.
Let's say that I have a real
feeling like Tia did, about--
who wouldn't have a feeling
about having fecal matter spread
everywhere?
>> NOORY: Oh my God.
Yeah.
>> MCKENNA: Who wouldn't-- who
wouldn't feel something about
that?
Well, when you do
these sessions,
you let yourself feel how you
do and you move your eyes.
And there's also other
physical movements
where we can detect where in the
brain that bad feeling might be.
And when that part of the
nervous system gets corrected,
the feeling goes away.
A lot of times, we're doing
sessions through the eyeballs
because your eyeballs are
directly connected to the brain.
Everywhere you look is a
different part of the brain.
And not only are we able to
detect where the issue might be,
but also to engage other parts
of the brain to process it.
This also goes beyond to
the entire nervous system,
the spinal cord, and all the
nerves throughout the body.
>> NOORY: Does this tap into
one's psychic abilities as well?
>> MCKENNA: It will when one
solves all of the reactions,
like all of us have reactions
that we have all day long,
we can't go to 7-Eleven without
having some situation where
we're trying to get there.
And we've got a feeling because
someone won't let us over
into their lane.
Well, all of these reactions
are the things that keep us
from those natural abilities.
Everybody has them.
When the-- when we
solve all the reactions,
I no longer feel them.
And instead of feeling
them, a feeling
of gratitude, love,
contentment, joy
emerges, which is
associated with the states
where these abilities
automatically appear.
>> NOORY: But if the people who
are non-autistic had a little
bit of autism in their system,
what kind of person would that
make them?
>> MCKENNA: Oftentimes,
people like that are highly
intelligent.
They are people that
might have certain skills
in business or in
mathematics or in science.
>> NOORY: Psychic
abilities, intuitiveness.
>> MCKENNA: They
might be like that.
Elon Musk is on the spectrum.
He has Asperger's, so
he's extraordinarily
good at figuring things out.
>> NOORY: Like it or
not, he's a genius.
>> MCKENNA: He is.
>> NOORY: What is the nervous
system have to do with this?
>> MCKENNA: The nervous system
has everything to do with
everything.
Meaning it's not only
our communication, how
we communicate with another
and the signals that we send
but when we simply can
regulate that what happens
is others around us
become regulated as well.
>> NOORY: Is this a new
science, the study of autism?
>> MCKENNA: The study
of autism, well,
they've been studying
it for a long time.
However, what's going
on with this study
around the whole
telepathy and that realm
of this understanding.
It's been understood here
for over 30 years or so,
but people weren't really
talking about it very much.
It was very hush hush.
Nobody wanted to talk about
it or admit it, especially
in the professional circles.
However, today there's
been an absolute explosion,
where it's coming out because
of the advent of assisted typing
or typing to communicate.
Now, people are
realizing the truth,
and it's gone from
a situation where
these kids that there
was a pushing away,
people didn't want to be
around them to now everybody's
realizing, oh my God,
these are amazing kids,
and everybody's gone--
and just like, oh my God.
Everybody wants to know more.
Be around them now.
>> NOORY: Do they laugh?
Do they sing?
Do they have fun?
>> MCKENNA: Yes, yes they do.
Yes, they do.
And for many of them,
this is primarily
what the hill is about.
They'll go and isolate
themselves and go to the hill.
This is the place where
they're out of their body
and having fun
with their friends.
There's no situation where they
feel controlled or manipulated.
They're not judged.
They're loved and understood.
>> NOORY: What does the
future hold for autistic kids?
>> MCKENNA: I think that,
especially for the kids,
the severe ones that
were non-speaking,
I think that the future
is amazingly bright
because of this, because it's
coming to the surface now
in very broad terms
for the population.
People are aware that these
kids are brilliant, not only are
they brilliant, but they act.
Their intention is to act out
of love and that sort of realm.
So when they're in
this place, I think
that their future has
application throughout society.
Suzy Miller, who's been
on Gaia multiple times,
she was a person that spent the
past quarter century or more
working with the population.
And she said that they are now
talking about something called
landing, that they are ready
to come into their body
and be their full selves,
fully connected to the hill,
at the same time, having
control over their body.
And it appears that there's
some incidents where they're
coming into their
bodies more and more
and technology to allow this
to happen like we talked about
at the last episode.
>> NOORY: Should we be
doing a better job, Bill,
tapping into the brain
power of an autistic person?
>> MCKENNA: I think that the
first is to recognize that they
are much, much more.
Once it's recognized that
they are much, much more,
tapping into that incredible
power has benefit for humankind,
whether you're in
technology or governance
on a national level
or religious studies.
Imagine, imagine being
tapped into somebody
who taps into
infinite intelligence,
and they're doing it
from a place of love for all.
>> NOORY: Is the autistic
parent give off an autistic kid?
>> MCKENNA: No, not necessarily.
We found that they're across
every culture, everybody,
anybody could have an autistic.
>> NOORY: Is it anything the
mother does during pregnancy
or anything like that?
>> MCKENNA: It's not known.
It's not known.
>> NOORY: Possible?
>> MCKENNA: I think
anything's possible.
We just don't know.
>> NOORY: Like she could have
fallen or something, who knows?
>> MCKENNA: I don't know.
I tend to think
that it's probably
something to do with
the environment based
upon the acceleration since
19, I believe, 89 or so,
when the population exploded.
>> NOORY: You've got free
classes for Gaia viewers.
How do they get to
participate in them?
>> MCKENNA: So we have a free
seven hours of Cognomovement
sessions.
>> NOORY: That's intense.
>> MCKENNA: Seven hours.
And we really want all the
caretakers and everyone else out
there to get this for free,
cognomovement.com/beyond.
Now, these classes
anybody can use.
And with it we'll actually be
able to affect the other people
around us even if they're
not on the spectrum.
All of us are constantly
impacting others.
>> NOORY: Bill, Thanks for
being on Beyond Belief.
>> MCKENNA: Thank you, George.
>> NOORY: The next time you come
across somebody who's autistic,
remember this program because
it truly is remarkable what
their abilities are
and what can be.
Thanks for watching
Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]